[17064] Add ROS 2 CLI module to Fast DDS Discovery Server Tutorial (#16)
eProsima/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Advanced/Discovery-Server/Discovery-Server.rst

    :align: center

This architecture reduces the number of messages sent between the server and clients dramatically.

> In the following graph, the reduction in network traffic over the discovery phase for the `RMF Clinic demonstration <https://github.com/osrf/rmf_demos#Clinic-World>`__ is shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following graph, the reduction in network traffic over the discovery phase for the `RMF Clinic demonstration <https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf_demos#Clinic-World>`__ is shown:
```

Author: Done

    For further details about these concepts, please visit the `Node to Participant mapping design document <http://design.ros2.org/articles/Node_to_Participant_mapping.html>`__

Daemon's related tools
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ROS 2 Daemon is used in several ROS 2 CLI introspection tools.
It creates its own Participant to add a ROS 2 Node to the network graph, in order to receive all the data sent.
In order for the ROS 2 CLI to work when using Discovery Server mechanism, the ROS 2 Daemon needs to be
configured as **Super Client**.
Therefore, this section is devoted to explain how to use ROS 2 CLI with ROS 2 Daemon running as a **Super Client**.
This will allow the Daemon to discover the entire Node graph, and to receive every topic and endpoint information.
To do so, a Fast DDS XML configuration file is used to configure the ROS 2 Daemon and CLI tools.

.. warning::
    Although it is possible to run the ROS 2 Daemon as a **Server**, this is not recommended since the daemon will stop
    after two hours of inactivity, taking the **Server** down with it.

Below you can find a XML configuration file which will configure every new participant as a **Super Client**.

> * :download:`XML Super Client configuration file <scripts/super_client_configuration_file.xml>`

Reviewer: I think I rather see an snippet here using a literal include

Author: Done

    Although it is possible to run the ROS 2 Daemon as a **Server**, this is not recommended since the daemon will stop
    after two hours of inactivity, taking the **Server** down with it.

> Below you can find a XML configuration profile, which for this tutorial, should be saved in the working directory as ```super_client_configuration_file.xml``` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find a XML configuration profile, which for this tutorial should be saved in the working directory as ```super_client_configuration_file.xml``` file.
```

Author: Done

            <participant profile_name="super_client_profile" is_default_profile="true">
                <rtps>
                    <builtin>
                        <discovery_config>
                            <discoveryProtocol>SUPER_CLIENT</discoveryProtocol>
                            <discoveryServersList>
                                <RemoteServer prefix="44.53.00.5f.45.50.52.4f.53.49.4d.41">
                                    <metatrafficUnicastLocatorList>
                                        <locator>
                                            <udpv4>
                                                <address>127.0.0.1</address>
                                                <port>11811</port>
                                            </udpv4>
                                        </locator>
                                    </metatrafficUnicastLocatorList>
                                </RemoteServer>
                            </discoveryServersList>
                        </discovery_config>
                    </builtin>
                </rtps>
            </participant>
        </profiles>
    </dds>

.. note::

>     Under the *RemoteServer* tag, for *prefix* attribute, its value should be updated according to the server ID passed on the CLI, following this guide of the `Fast DDS CLI <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastddscli/cli/cli.html#discovery>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Under the *RemoteServer* tag, the *prefix* attribute value should be updated according to the server ID passed on the CLI (see `Fast DDS CLI <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastddscli/cli/cli.html#discovery>`__).
```

Author: Done
